What are the steps to enable vibrate on call and vibrate in silent mode on a phone?
What should customers do if their charger is not working?
What are some troubleshooting steps to fix video display issues on a TV?
What are some troubleshooting steps to take if a 5G network is not working on a phone?
What are the different ports available on Mi TV?
What are the steps to clear the cache for an app on a device?
What are some possible reasons for a phone's battery to discharge quickly?
What are the troubleshooting steps to fix the issue of Google Assistant not working on Mi TV?
What are the steps to troubleshoot a camera app that is not launching?
What options are available in the Deep Clean feature of the TV manager?
Question: How can you perform a hard reset on a Mi TV?
What are the steps to manually update/flash a phone?
What are the two types of Xiaomi phones mentioned in the context?
What are some troubleshooting steps to resolve a 5G network related issue on a smartphone?
Question: What are the troubleshooting steps for resolving HDMI port issues on a TV?
What are the two methods to disable the app drawer on the home screen?
What are the steps to troubleshoot the issue of being unable to make calls on a device?
What are the troubleshooting steps to follow if the TV reboots or turns off unexpectedly?
What troubleshooting steps should be taken if there is no sound coming from the TV speaker in a Mi TV?
What are the troubleshooting steps for a phone that is not getting charged?
What is the first step to disable the home screen layout lock?
What are the steps to make the call recording/save contact option visible on a device?
What are the steps to resolve the issue of a blinking display on the device?
What are the compatible devices that can be used with the Mi TV Webcam?
What are the troubleshooting steps for Line/Noise/Grains/Half Display issues on a TV screen?
What steps can be taken to optimize a phone's performance and reduce lag?
What are the troubleshooting steps for a Mi TV that is not turning on?
What steps can be taken to improve the picture quality on the front and rear cameras of the device?
What is the interim solution for the YouTube app issue on Patchwall TV?
What steps should be taken if the proximity sensor on a phone is not working?
What steps should be taken if a device is locked with a Mi ID and the user does not remember the password?
What steps should be taken to make the call recording/save contact option visible on a device?
What is the purpose of the Google Assistant on Android TV?
What is the purpose of the Gallery feature on Mi TV?
What are the three methods for pairing the remote with a Mi TV?
What is the reason for not providing the Dual Apps and Second Space feature on devices with 4GB RAM or lesser?
What is the specific issue observed in the Redmi TV X 55 inches?
What are the steps to resolve the issue of not getting sound from one side of Bluetooth?
What are the troubleshooting steps for resolving the issue of being unable to type or the keyboard not appearing on the Mi TV?
What should you do if your phone is stuck on the MI logo?
